---

Date: 2020.8.6
Style: TPO
Article: TPO10C2

---
# TPO10 Conversation2
## Grade: 5/5

Well for a full refund, store policy that you have to return merchandise 2 weeks from the time it was purchase, but for science textbook or anything having to do with specific courses

wait, was it for specific course?

so for this fall semester, the deadline was october first

I guess the resoning is by October fist the semester is in full gear.

and everyone kinda knows what course they'll be taking that semester

I guess, so it's mainly for people who decide to withdraw from to change the new courses early on.

They cant' be marked up or look used anyway, for the full refund I mean.

well but my situation is little different I hope you might be able to make an exception.

Well the policy is generally pretty rigid, and this semester is almost over.

I think my prof really miscalculated

anyway, the syllabus is too ambitious in my opinion.

THere are only 2 weeks of the class left in the semester and there're six books on syllabus that we haven't even touched.

the prof already annouced we wont be reading this one by jame Bowles, and all the others I bought used.

you are lucky to have a professor who includes the lesser known writer like her on syllabus, you know, not the usual authors we've all read.

I hope you don't think I'm being to pushy.

but you can make an exchange and you can use the credit for your book for next semester.

The credit carries over from one semester to the next.

Now I'm intrigued, I guess just because we run out of time to read this book in class, it doesn't mean I can't read it on my own time.

