---

Date: 2020.7.26
Style: TPO
Article: TPO23C2, TPO2C1

---
# TPO23 Conversation2
## Grade: 3/5 3/5

yeah that's great, araby- that short story by James Joyce we read last week, it was awesome.

glad that you like it. most of the Joyce' work is very complex, alot of student say it 's hard to understand. Normally, you wouldn't tackle Joyce in a intro class

well mainly because it influenced other's writers.

I only wish we have more class time to discuss it.

So, why did you pick "ARaby" instead of some other story. 

Well first you should know that araby is one of fifteen short stories by Joyce in a book called Dubliners.

all the story are related to one another and are set in the same time period.

But araby is the easiest one to follow. Though all the stories are in the collection are written in the stream-of-consciousnenss, which as you know, means they're told through the narrator's thoughts, through an inner monologue- as opposed to dialogue or an objective description of events.

but Araby is easier becauseof its linear, the story unfold **chronologically\trans按时间顺序的**.

still, I wish we could read the whole novels by Joyce and discuss them in class

That's what happens in my master writter class.

Yeah, I teach one on Joyce every spring.

it's such a previlige. spending entire term delving into a single body of work.

And my students, who bring so much insight to the table it is easy to forget who's the professor is.

That could actually solve in my dilemma, what I originally want to askyou.

I am working on my schedule for next term and I got room for one more course and I'd like to take more literature.

Could I take your Master Writer class on Joyce

I am sorry I should mention Master Writer's an advanced seminar, so student should get a strong foundation in the literary theory and criticism before I let them enroll

You grade are excellent but in our intro class, you reviewing the basis, like plot setting and character, and getting you first real explosure to different literary styles.

But why do I have to study different styles to understand Joyce's novels?

There a alot of little details involved interpreting literture. And like with Joyce, his novels have very unique structures.

Sure there's Dr Klein's course on nineteenth-century novels.

It's more foucused that the class you're in now but it build on your current knowledge base and give the background you need.

That plus a couple more foundational classes, and you'll definitely be ready for my seminar

# TPO21 Conversation2
## Grade: 4/5  

Hi prof G, I really learn alot from your lecture, the one about analysing all those different segments of the population.

Year, A lot of students are taken aback by this.

some pulic relations consultants don't figure it out till they've worked in the field a while.


# TPO28 Lecture3
## Grade: 5/6  

I am sure you are know from the physics class that how light move in microscopic ways and we can only see light when the wavelength of that light is in a specific range, plus, depending on the wavelength we see different colors.

photoreceptors are cells that respond to light by sending out chemical signal.

and the organism, the plant reacts to the signal, in fact the signal of plant got from photoreceptor sometimes cause significant reaction.

many plants are seasonal, and one way we know when winter is ending and spring is beginning is by sensing of  the  changing light

the time when an adult plant flowers is based on the amount of light senses.

if they sense a specific amount of light.

of course these arent conscious reacitons, these plants are just automatically responded to light in certain ways. 

plants are also able to distinguish between specific wavelengths of light that human eye cannot even see, specifially these wavelength are called far red.