---

Date: 2020.7.29
Style: TPO
Article: TPO13C2, TPO2C1

---
# TPO13 Conversation2
## Grade: 4/5

Yes, we have that, there on the wall behind you.

I guess You havent been here before.

You need to sign in to reserve an open room and sign out the video you need, just start with the first one in the series, each video is half hour long

well room are usually full right after the dinner time, but you can sign up a day before to reserve a room if you want.

but I can just stop in too... to see if there're any rooms open right?

I dont wanna miss out if everyone comes in advance

Oh no we have several copies of each tape in the Spanish accent series

and we usually have multiple copies of everything for each video collection. 

super so how many rooms are there total in the lab?

20, there are pretty small, so we normally get one person or no more than a small group of people in there watching a video together.

Actually, someone else from your class just came in and took the first spanish videos in to watch.

You could probably run in there and watch it  with them

ofcourse you're welcome to have your own room but sometimes students like to watch with a classmates so they can review the material with each other afterwards, for example if there are some content that they didn't really understand

I concentrate better byself and I dont want miss anything and he's probably already watching it.

when you come in you sign your name on the list and you're assigned a room number or if you call in advance, then the attendant will tell you your room number. if you forget, just comein and take a look at the list.

# TPO34 Lecture3
## Grade: 5/6

The pollinator on the other hand, wants to remain well-fed, with as litte effort as possible.

These factors help drive the evolution of the pollinators. both of which depend on this balanced and delicate relationship

sometimes, only certain insects or birds can pollinate certain plant species.

for example, flowering may coincide with migration of a certain animal species that pollinates the plant. Or producing many flowers at once may increase the number of pollinators a plant attracts.

Features such as colors scents and shape attract pollinators. as does the reward in the flower the pollen or the nectar that feed the pollinator.

for example, flowers that attract bats tend to be green or cream colored. because the visibility isn't important, bats are practically blind remember. and these flowers bloom at night when bats are active

Now there is a flower in the amazon rainforest called royal water lily, and characteristics of its flowers change during the pollination process.

producing heat serves 2 proposes: it magnify the scent of the flower and help the beetles maintain their body temperature

the beetle arrives at the flower, the flower closes arround it for about 24 hours so that beetle becomes covered with pollen.

when the beetle flies out, it carries the pollen to a different heated white fragrant flower.

well sometimes flowers provides shelter for insects, a place to lay eggs for instances.

nectar is mainly a sugar solution, while pollen is green made up of part of the plant-cell structure.

in both nectar and pollen production, quality and quantity vary over time. but they're always related to the needs of pollinator.

you can see the relationship between the pollinators and plants are delicate, so any number of the factors can disturb them.

agriculture is generally believed to be the most harmful

it can fragment habitats in variety of ways, reducing a number of pollinators, which in terms may reduce the number or size of flowers, which of course affects the animals that feed on them

