---

Date: 2020.7.31
Style: TPO
Article: TPO27C1, TPO2C1

---
# TPO14 Conversation1
## Grade: 4/5

We show six copies, none are checked out, and yet you didn't even find on copy on the shelves.

I know that you have to read reserved books in the library, and you have time limits.

but I didn't know that I can ask professor to put a book on the reserve

I mean , I thought the profs make that kind of decisions at the beginning of this semester.

No they can put a book on reserve anytime during the semester.

You know reserving books seems a bit unfair

what if someone who is not in class wants to use the book.

I'll certainly talk to professor about it tomorrow but what I am gonna do tonight.

I guess you could walk around the Poli-Sci section and look at the books waiting to be reshelved  

We are a little short of staff right now, some quit recently so, things aren't getting re-shelved as quickly as usual.

I dont think they've hired the replacement yet so, yeah, the unshelved books can get a bit out of hand.

This may sound a bit weird but I've been thinking about getting a job

At the beginning of this semester, we were swampped with the application but I guess everyone who wants the job has one buy now.

Well we work between 6 and 10 hours a week so it is reasonable amount.

Usually we can pick the hour we want to work, but since you'd been starting so late in the semester, I am not sure how that would work for you.

We get paid the normal university rates for student employees

# TPO25 Lecture4
## Grade: 6/6

I hope you all had a chance to finish the assigned readings about animals plays, because we want to spend times discussing the different viewpoint presenting in those articles.

Let's start with a play as perparation hypothesis, Jare can you explaine it

Young animals play in order to get really good at certain specific things they'll need to do when they are adults', things like chasing, pouncing, climbing.

In order words, they play in order to practice survivial skills, like movements that used in hunting and fighting.

That hypothesis makes alot of sense like maybe the most sense of all of the theories we read about.

it just seems obvious why those wolf pups play like that. it give'em practices with skill that'll make'em better hunters or fighters as adults

well I don't know about that, I mean some of the things that young animal does while playing are totally different from things it'll do as an adult

like during the fake fight, the play fight, if one of animal is winning, the winning animal might just stop and get up its advantage.

yes and often it shifts to a submissive poster,too.

ofcoure self-handycoping hardly ever happens in the real fight, because in the real fight, while the point is to win.

So this is the self handycoping. it is important to take into account before just deciding to go with that first explanation.

and in fact there realy isn't much in the way of solid experimental evidence to support the play as preparation hypothesis. 

what about the other one the flexibility hypothesis?