---

Date: 2020.6.24
Style: TPO
Article: TPO33C2, TPO20L4

---
# TPO33 Conversation2 
## Grade: 4/5

They just taste bitter and well, **nasty\trans下流的，令人难受的** to me, my mother always called me a picky eater.

so is this just beacuse of some like **trauma\trans精神创伤,痛苦经历** from our childhoods, some bad experience we have with vegetables,or could there be some genetic explanations for why some people are picky eaters and others aren't.

well, I guess that's not too surprising, and this is a great stuff actually, so what's the **verdict\trans结论**?

But people who have a **mutation\trans基因突变** in that gene can not taste the bitterness。

But so this biologist is just basically claiming that people who like to eat these vegetables actually have some sort of sensory **deficit\trans不足**?

sorta make us a picky eaters the normal ones doesn't it, I mean that's kind of **turning things on the head\trans脑洞有点大** doesn't it?

# TPO20 Lecture4
## Grade: 6/6
 
Now James, you said you've been to the state of Maine, right?

Great, so why don't you tell everybody what is like there in winter?

Actually I would, I did field reaserch up the a couple of winters and it really is an incredible environment.

Take for example, the snowshoe **hare\trans野兔**

The primary difference is that a rabbit's young are born blind and without fur, while the hare babies were born with full coat and able to see

The hare actually has abundant food in the small **twigs\trans树枝** it finds 

As the days get shorter, that is as the sun is up for shorter and shorter time each day, the snowshoe hare starts going white fur and **shedding\trans去掉，摆脱** its brown fur。

The hare does a pretty good job when is timing but sometimes when there's really early or late snow, its **stands out\trans显露**. 

but well snowshoes are not like **thick\trans厚的** furry shoes designed to keep feet warm

what they do is spread out the weight of the foot comming down on the snow.

I mean, its **paws\trans爪子** are white and they allow the hare to hop and run just in the surface of deep snow

Unlike many animals in winters snowshoe hairs can stay **lean\trans精瘦** and light weight they accumulate essentially no body fat.