---

Date: 2020.8.18
Style: TPO
Article: TPO17C1 TPO24L4

---
# TPO17 Conversation2
## Grade: 5/5

I work as a waiter in campus dining hall in the faculty dining room

Well I work at weeknights except for Friday.

I was wondering if I can swith from working the dinner service to working at lunch.

That's gonna be a problem. Iam afraid that we dont have any openings at lunch time.

A lot of students want to work then so it is really rare for us to have open spot that time of a day

You know it is so hard to get in this group that I must have auditioned like ten times since I have been at the school so 

Oh man I always thought sacrificing for my art, well, that mean working long hours in musician like no money 

and I'll let the dining hall manager know that he needs to find a new waiter for the evening.

# TPO24 Lecture4
## Grade: 5/6

many people have facinated about veneus for centuries because of its data cloud cover, the so called planet of mystery and all of that

well what's under those clouds, what is the surface of the planet like?

some questions about the surface are still unresolved but we have learned a lot about it in the pass several years.

First of all, let me talk about how we been able to get past those clouds.

First there were soviet modules that landed directly on the surface, and sent back some images fo what was around them.  

second we did some radar imaging from satellites from above. radar can get throught the clouds.

so what have we learned

well I remember reading that there is not really alot going on that the surface of Veneus is just flat and smooth in alot of places

in other areas you get canyons, rift valleys, meteoric crater, lava domes ,these lava formations that look like giant pancakes. and also volcanoes and one of the most interesting features in the surface are in fact the shield volcanoes.

Shield volcaneos form when magma comes out of the ground and shapes up over and over again.

remember magma is hot molten rock that is underground and it is called lava when it reaches the surfaces. so the lava builds up and hardens and a volcano form. 

Now the lava on Veneus is thin it spreads out easily so shield volcanoes have very gentle sloping sides.

They're called shield volcanoes beause viewed them above they kind of resemble shields, you know, like a warrior's shield.

Instead there are other volcano types like strato volcanoes for example, which are a result of tectonic plate movement.

underneath earth's crust there are a number of shifting slabs and plates that're slowly moving.

and in the zones on the edges of the plates where different plates meet and interact, that's where we get most of the earth volcanoes.

on Veneus however, volcanoes are not clustered in discrete zones like they're on earth.

In stead, they are more or less radomly scattered over the Venus' surface.

here on earth, moving tectonic plates are major geological elements, just crucial for the whole surface dynamic right?

one of them is that this has to do with the fact that the venus has no surface water that need to kind of lubricate the movement of the plates.

yeah I forgot to spell that out that venus has no surface water.

sure the volcanoes on Hawaiian islands in the pacific ocean are shield volcanoes, they're formed over a hot spot of magma.

First the level of sulfur dioxide gas above Venus' clouds shows large and very frequent fluctuations. 

it is quite possile that these fluctuations the huge increase and decrease of the sulfur dioxide happening again and again it is quite possible that this is due to volcanic eruption because volcanic eruptions aften emit gases.

If that is the case, volcanism could very well be the root cause of the Venus' thick cloud cover.

and also we have observed the bursts of radio energy from the planet's surface.

These bursts are similar to what we see when volcano erupt on earth.

but althought this is intriguing evidence no one's actucally observered a Venus volcano erupting yet so we cant be positive. 