---

Date: 2020.7.30
Style: TPO
Article: TPO32C1, TPO2C1

---
# TPO32 Conversation1
## Grade: 3/5

I am but we can't buy textbook back just yet beacuse the bookstore's buyback peroid isn't until next thursday

can you tell me if this book will be on the buyback list?

I can look but we are still putting a list together.

Profs have to tell us what books will definitely need again next semester, and the ddl for them to let us know isn't for a couple of days.

So the list I have here is not really complete. What class was the book for?

Prof Murphy ok I check earlier and I know she hasn't gotten back to us on that class yet so we don't know if she'll use the same book next time

so if this book doesn't end up on the buyback list what can I do? I spend a hundred dollars for it now I wanna get something back.

Well if a professor didn't sign up for a class here, we can buy it back for a wholesaler who would distribute it for sale at another university bookstore.

Well if it is on the buyback list we will pay 50 percent of what the new price was.

because used book show wear and tear you know, water stains, scruffy covers, yellow highlighting. you really need to make sure there is no pencil marks on the book. the price you can get for a text depends on the shape it is in.

and what if you decide the book too beetup and dont buy it back.

well on more thing you can try is place an ad in the student newspaper to see if you can sell it directly to another student.

# TPO19 Lecture3
## Grade: 5/6

The water salty, there is litte shade, and the ocean tide come in and out, constantly flooding the marsh. so the variety of plants found in salt marsh is limited, but there is a plant genus that thrives there, The spartina.

The water contained in the plant's cells that's water with very little salt, would be drown out toward the seawater water with a lot of salt.

so you can see the fresh water contained in the plant will be removed , and the plant would quickly lose all of its water and dehydrate 

well they allow a certain amout of salt to enter their cells, bringing the salt content of water within the plant to slightly higher concertration than that of the surrounding seawater.

you can really impressed your friends and family with that a little hitbit the next time you are in a salt marsh. 

air enters through tiny openings on the leaves.

the tube provide a direct pipline for the oxygen. carrying it down the leaves through its down and enter into the roots where it is needed

There is yet another aspect of harsh environment that they have to adapt to the force of the tides and the occasional violent storms.

wind and water constantly crashing into these plants.

so as you might have guessed, they've developed a means of solidly anchoring themselves into the soil.

they have tough sort of underground stems called rhizomes.

of couse, the plants in these colonies also needs tough resilience stems above the soil, stems that can bend alot and not break, as water constantly crash into them.

so in addition to interlocking underground rism, they have yet another adaptations. and it's well we are back to reverse osmosis again.

