---

Date: 2020.8.18
Style: TPO
Article: TPO34C1

---
# TPO34 Conversation1
## Grade: 5/5

I was talking to the guys the other day, and he's said the library sold books on occasion. 

ok how did you decide which books to sell? are they duplicates?

a lot of duplicates. If we have more than one copy of the title that hasn't been checked out in the few years, in that case, it may end up at the sales.

it probably won't be up for sale this year.

most of books in the sale come from off-site storage.

they're still in the catelog, which means they can be checked out in you fill out a form. it takes maybe a day or two to retrieve one of them 

and then before we decide to include a book for sale, we review its circulation history again, which can take a while, we got alot of book in storage.

so it's basically the unpopular books that get put up for sale then.

plus the main thing is to make sure students have the access to the information in the books.

alot of then are available in electronic format for these days, even the really old ones, you know they have been preserved that way.

so most of the books for sale are older books.

again a librarian reviews them and decides whether to catalog them or put them up for sale.

is the sale open to the public?

the first day is for students faculty and staff though, which is great.

we usually need about 20 volunteers for the sale and if you are volunteer, you get first short at everything in advance.

now about this particular book, it wouldn't hurt to send formal request to the collection requirement.

they might be able to let you know if it'd be up for sale.


# TPO14 Lecture3
## Grade: 5/6

but today I want to talk about the importance of stars for early seafairers, about how the fixed patterns of stars were used as navigational aids.

ok you've all heard about the Vikings and their impressive navigation skills, but the seafaring peoples of the Pacific islands, the Polynesians and the Micronesians, were quiet possibly the world greatest navigators.

what that meant was? that the sky could be partitioned, divided up, much more symmetrically than it could farther away from the equator

so it was easier to discern the order in the sky than father north or farther south where everything would seem more chaotic.

and they realized that you had to know stars in order to navigate. in fact there was only one word for both in Gibt islands. where you want to star expert, you ask for navigator.

islanders from all over the pacific learned to use the stars for navigation, and they passed this knowledge down from generation to generation.

they were positioned as if they were heading in the direction on the points of sea horizon where certain stars would appear and disappear during the night.

and turn the direction to memorize the constellations they saw, so they could recognize them and navigate by them later on when they went out to sea.

they know if they have reached the same latitude as a paticular island they were trying to get to.

and if they kept on going, on the next night they saw the pair of stars setting separately, then they would know that they were at the different degree of latitude.

the people of the pacific islands have such expert knowledge of astronomy as well as navigation, that they were able to navigate over vast streches of opened ocean. 