---

Date: 2020.9.3
Style: TPO
Article: TPO2C2 

---
# TPO30 Conversation1
## Grade: 3/5

well I am stopping by to reserve a place for my school club to meet and work,pretty much on regular basis.

Ideally, our preference would be to have our own office.

well we are out of private offices, but we do have some semiprivate options available.

well it's a setup where you'll have a larger work space share by two other clubs.

In other words, each club will have its own work area within that one room.

are there any divider walls or anything?

oh yes there will be couple of dividers so there is some privacy.

we'll work with that then. I wouldn't wanna be without an office.

ok here are the two form you have to fill out. Why don't you do it now while I set that up through our computer system.

well for my purposes a club definitely has to be register before I can proceed further.

At the moment however, it appears that there is no record of your club registration

you will be allowed to post you fliers and posters around the campus for publicity and you could be eligible for funding for club events.
# TPO30 Lecture1
## Grade 4/6

now most of the research in this area is motivated by the search for animal analogs or parallels to human cognitive processes.

well it's being aware of what one knows or feels, um having an awareness of one's state of mind.

and making a decisions about behavior based on what one knows.

reasearchers have long been interested in whether animals possess this capability but couldn't test it, because animals aren't able to report their feelings.

but recently, one group of researchers found a way to solve this problem.

well it begin with the study one of them did on a dolphin, who'd been trained to recognize particular high-pitched tone.

the dolphin was taught to press one of two paddles, depending on whether it heard the high tone or one that was lower.

Food was the reward for a correct response but if the wrong paddle was pressed, the dolphin had to wait several seconds before it could try again

the task varied in difficulty according to the pitch of this second tone; the closer it came in pitch to the first one, the harder it became for the dolphin to correctly identify it as low.

and the researcher noted that the dolphin was quite eager to press the paddle when it was sure of the answer, but exhibited hesitation during difficult trials.

next the researcher introduced a third option: a third paddle that would initiate a new trail, giving the dophin the choice of passing on difficult trails.