---

Date: 2020.8.28
Style: TPO
Article: TPO2C2 

---
# TPO2 Conversation2
## Grade: 4/5

contemporary literature, english style, the teaching seminar, and I still have to do my student teaching.

I am gonna to help teach a writing class of the junior high.

that's a heavy schedule.

yes it will be really busy, and I'm also taking a theory class, but I have to quit my job in a couple of weeks, cause it will be just too much.

actually I am teaching seminar too, and I have to start writing my thesis, you know I am also going for my master degree.

I don't know what they are gonna do, but it's a good time, it's fun, some really impressive readings.


# TPO1 Lecture3
## Grade: 5/6

CTHY that's about as close as we get in English.

and the site's in modern day Turkey, and who knows what the original inhabitants called it.

anyway CTHY was not the first agricultural settlement in the Near East, but it is pretty early, settled about 9000 years ago, in the Neolithic period

and grew to a size of about 8 or ten thousand people.

that certainly makes it one of the largest towns in the world at that time.

one of the things that makes the settlement of this size impressive is the time period.

it's the neolethic remember, the late stone age, so the people that lived there had only stone tools, no metals, so everything they accomplished like building this town, they did with just stone, plus wood, bricks, that sort of the thing.

but you got remember that it wasn't just any stone they had, they had obsidian.

the sharpest tool of the entire stone age, were made of obesidian and the people of CTHY got their from further England, from central turkey, trade for it probably.  

anyway what I wanna focus on is the way the town was built.

The houses are all retangular, one storey made of sun-drid bricks, but what is really interesting is that they are no space between them.

you can still see the diagonal marks of the latters in the plaster on the inside walls.

the main room had the hearths, for cooking and for heat.

It would been pretty cold during the winters.

and it also looks like they made their tools near the fire.

there tends to be a lot of obsidian flakes and chips in the hearth ashes, but no chimney.

the smoke are just went out of the same hatchway the people used for going in and out themselves.

so there would have been an open fire inside the house, with only one hole in the roof, to let the smoke out.

you and I would have founded a bit too smoky in there.

and it maybe this burial custom that explains why the houses were packed in so tightly without street.

I mean, you might think it was for protection or something.

but there has been no any evidence found yet of any violent attack that would indicate that kind of danger.

and it may be they wanted to live as near as possible to their ancestors' graves and be buried near them themselves.

base on excavation, we can know the layout of the houses, and the location of the graves.

but we are only guessing, when we try to say why they did that way.

that's the way it is with archeology.

well the did hunt, and they also raise cereal crops and kept sheep.

was it supposed to have religious or magical significance
