---

Date: 2020.9.1
Style: TPO
Article: TPO2C2 

---
# TPO33 Lecture1
## Grade: 4/6

The great pyramid of Giza in Egypt might be the most famous building in the world. we dont know exactly when it was built, construction started in 2547 bce about 4 thounsand 5 hundred years ago. 

we know who had built, that was the Pharaoh Khufu, and we know who oversaw its construction: the Pharaoh's brother.

This picture'll give you an idea of the size of the pyramid, and the size of the blocks it's made out of.

about 2 million stone blocks was used to build the great pyramid, and they're incredibly massive- the average weight is two and a half tons.

the problem has puzzled scholars for centuries is how were these blocks lifted up to the height of this massive structure and then fit into the place, and without the benefit of modern technology.

and Herodotus may have seen Egyptians using cranes made of wood, But the problem with this theory has to do with simple mechanics.

and crane needs a wide and sturdy base to stand on or it will fall over.

The next one has to do with the use of the ramp that would allow workers to drag a stone block up the side of the structure.

if you build a ramp with a slite slop, up to the top of pyramid that's over the 130 meter high, you had to be almost two kilometers long.

well the pyramid is built on a flat area called the Giza Plateau.

The Plateau is simply not big enough to accommodate 2 km long ramp.

well if you ever driven on the mountain road, you know that it has alot of twists and turns and bends in it because that's how engineers keep the road from having to be too steep.

so why not wrap the ramp around the pyramid-building the ramp around it as you go?

to get that perfection, the engineers must have had to measure it repeatedly during the construction.

and the way you'd measure it is from the four corners of the base.

well if you got a ramp spiraling up from the base of the pyramid, those corners would be buried by that ramp during construction.

well, who says the ramp has to be the outside of the pyramid? and now we get to the latest idea.

and what hudin believes is that an exterior straight ramp was used to construct the bottom third of the pyramid.

This ramp would've fairly short it probably rose less than 50 meters.

well in 1986 Franch scientist completed a micro-gravimetric survey of the pyramid.

and one of the images they produced, showed an empty spiral-shaped space inside it.

the shape of that space correspond exactly to what have done, thought the ramp would look like.

I think Herodotus would be convinced. We might very well be at the end of century of guessing.
