---

Date: 2020.8.24
Style: TPO
Article: TPO5C1 TPO24L3

---
# TPO5 Conversation1
## Grade: 5/5

Hi thanks for seeing me on such short notice.

what makes you said that ?

I am a litte overwhelemed by the size of this place.

There are only 75 of us in my high school graduating class.

so it is a bit of a culture shock for you, being one of the 15 thousand students on a big campus in an unfamiliar city.

That's an understatement.

I just can't get confortable in class or in the dorms you know, socially.

that's start with the academics, tell me about your classes.

I am taking mostly introductory courses, and some are taught in these huge lecture halls.

and you having trouble keeping pace with the material?

no in fact I got an A on my first economics paper.

it is just that it is so impersonal, I am not used to it.

are all your classes impersonal?

and I kept my hand up because I did the reading and knew the answer.

why not stop by his office during office hours.

That wouldn't seem right, you know taking time from other students who need help?

there is no reason you couldn't pop in and say hi to make yourself known.

wouldn't you appreciate possitive feedback if you were a professor?

at home I was the youngest member of our community orchestra.

there is a string quartet on campus all students.

and so happened that the cellist graduated last year.

They've searching high and low for a replacement someone with experience.

I wanted to get my academic work settled before pursuing my music here

# TPO23 Lecture1
## Grade: 5/6

It was in extremely poor condition and in many corroded pieces but once we fighured out what it was and reconstructed it, well I simply dont have the words to convey how extraordinary this find was.

roughly the size of a shoebox - made of gears fitted inside a wooden case.

in its original state, the were rotating dials and other indicators on the top with letters and drawings showing the sun, the phases of the moon and different constellations.

well scientists have recently analyzed the inscriptions of mechanism and rexamed the other cargo in the shipwreck, and the evidence makes an absolute case that this device dates back to the ancient Greece, somewhere between 150 and 100 bce.

so when this was first found, people literally wouldn't not believe it.

some of my colleges insisted it had been made well after 100 bce, but the physical evidence was conclusive, it was that old.

it's not that the bronze was all that rare in Greece then, it's just that bronze was valuable and could easily be recycled.

we're very fortunate that the device ended up underwater, because otherwise it probably would have ended up recycled into who-knows-what. 

that it even took into account a particular irregularity in the moon's orbit. 