---

Date: 2020.8.24
Style: TPO
Article: TPO3C1 TPO24L3

---
# TPO3 Conversation1
## Grade: 5/5

# TPO24 Lecture3
## Grade: 4/6

and there's a clovis site in a valley in the california where reamains of 30 mammmoths were found.

and spear points, tools for processing meat and fire places.

also there are several places in nouth america where you have natural accumulations of mamals bones, look very similar to the accumaltions of the clovis site except there is no human debris.

at around of 11 thousand 500 bce, the world is coming out of an ice age.

These extreme shifts would have put a lot of stress on the body of the animals that were used to a more moderate range of temperature.

but the most important of impact of these increase seasonality, may very well have been its effect on the distrubutions on plants.

Today we take for granted that there are horizontal bands of plant communities: in the far north is tundra, which gives way to forest as you move southward, and even farther south, grasslands take over.

but when the seasons became more distinct, the plant communities was pulled apart, that meant that in any given area, there was less plant diversity.

and as the result so the theory goes, the ice age animal that depend on plant diversity couldn't survive, and the great beasts were the ones that needed the most diversity in their diet.

but then how do you explain the fact that this happened before? you know global cooling follow by global warming and there was no extinction then.

for example there is a drought for a couple of decades, or hunters are killing off 5 percent of the population.

one thing they found was that human didn't necessarily have to kill these animals in greate numbers in order to nudge them toward extinction.

That is because very large animals have a slow rate reproduction so all you have to do is to remove a few yound females from the herd, and you can fairly quickly significantly reduce the population.

and then he came up with the senerios that combines some hunting by humans with some environmental stress and bang!

the simulated mammoths were extinct within decades.

so it seems the mixture of hunting and climate change is a likely scenario

computer simulations is not a substitute for a hard evidence.