---

Date: 2020.8.24
Style: TPO
Article: TPO7C1 TPO32L1

---
# TPO7 Conversation1
## Grade: 3/5

and well anyway I finally put in your mailbox yesterday.

I haven't check the mailbox yet today, well I am glad it's there, I will read this weekend.

great, I'll be interested to see how it all came out.

great, now I just have heard from graduate students talking. sth about the party for DA

wasn't there notice post on anthropology department's bulletin board?

well I don't know, but I want to offer to help out with it, you know whatever you need.

DA well I take a few anthropology classes with her and they were great, inspiring.

That's why I want to pitch in.

oh that's very thoughtful of you, Eric but it will be pretty low-key, nothing flashy. That's not her style.

no we'll have coffee and cookies, maybe a cake.

but actually, a couple of administrative assistants are working on that.

well it's nothing to do with the party, and I am sure there are more exciting ways to supend your time, but we do need some help with something.

we're compiling a database of articles the anthropology faculty has published.

There is not much glory of it but we looking for someone with some knowledge of anthropology who can enter the articles.

I hesitate to mention it but I don't suppose it's something you would.

no that sounds kinda cool, I would like to see what they are writing about.

did you know dean adams did a lot of field research in indonesia? most of it hasn't been published yet.

well she is really versatile.

she just spent several months studying social interactions in Infonesia and she's been influential in ethnology.

and she is also done work in south america this is closer to biology, espically with speciation.

yes, and while she was there in the south of America, she collected a lot of liguistic information and songs, south ameraica  informationsand songs, really facinating.

dont worry, she'll still be around, she is got lots of projects that she's still in the middle of
# TPO32 Lecture2
## Grade: 4/6

one of the things that excites me about the field, is that seemingly insignificant things can suddenly change the way we think about a culture.

we're always making new discoveries that have the protential to challenge widely held beliefs.

take something like banana for example, it turns out that this ordinary food may be forcing scientists to rewrite major parts of the African history.

we know the banana was introduced to Africa via southeast asia until recently we thought we knew when they were introduced, about 2000 years ago.

but discoveries in Uganda- that's in eastern Arica- are throwing that into question.

scientists studying soil samples there discovered evidence of banana in sediment that was five thousand years old

the fruit is soft and doesn't have any hard seed that might survived over the ages.

scientists can identify the type of plant from ancient remains.

so, those scientists in Uganda, dug down to sediments that were 5000 years old, what do you think they found?

obviously this meant that we had to rethink our previous notions about when bananas first arrived in Africa, but well this discovery had other implications for history.

as soon as banana appear in archaeological record we know we have contact between africa and southeast asia.

it would appear now that this contact occur much earlier that previously thought. althought now here is where the uncertainty comes in we don't really have any soild evidence of the trade between the people of these two regions that long ago.

you see bananas, at least the edible kind, can't grow without human intervention.

they had to be cultivated, poeple need to plant them and care for them.

we have what appears to be strong biological evidence that bananas were being cultivated in Uganda as early as 5 thousand years ago.
