---

Date: 2020.8.17
Style: TPO
Article: TPO24C1, TPO3L1

---
# TPO24 Conversation1
## Grade: 4/5

it's for this semester right, you're not buying in advance for next year or anything.

no no it's for a class I am taking now.

That should not make any difference but let me see, may be it's just it could be that whoever enter it misspelled the title or the authors name, so I can't find it on the computer and I can't tell if it's sold out.

but if it have sold out, we've probably be getting a new shipment within about a week or so.

but I am trying to check, if we've ordered it more then that backorder information should be in conmputer too.

I am sorry we just don't seem to carry it.

I could try searching for hisorher class in the database, that might help.

oh that must be it. computer science books are sold across the street in the computer store.

I'll bet they have it but if not come back and I'll help you to find it somewhere else I can call around to see if other bookstores might have it.

# TPO3 Lecture1
## Grade: 6/6

It migrates over very long distances traveling up and down the western hemisphere the americas, back and forth between where it breeds in the summer and the warmer climates where it spends the winter 

well, the humming bird beats its wings - get this about 3 thousand times per minute.

you can say it isn't I mean as it flies all the way across the Gulf of Mexico it uses almost none of its body fat.

But that doesn't mean it doesn't need to eat.

so humming birds have to rely on plants in there natural habitat.

and it goes without saying, but well the opposite is true as well, plants depend on humming birds too.

but the problem well as natural habitat along its migration roads is developed by human for housing or agriculture or cleared for raising cattle for instance, there are less food available for migrating humming birds.

Their nesting sites are affected too, the same, by the same sorts of human activities.

and all of these activities pose a real threat, to the humming bird population. 

so to help them survive, we need to perserve their habitat.

and one of a concrete way people have been doing this is by cleaning up polluted habitat areas and then replanting flowers, replanting native flowers that humming birds feed on.

promoting ecological tourism is another way that help saved their habitat.

as the number of visitors, ecotourists who comes to humming birds habitat to watch the birds. the more the number of visitors grows the more local businesses profit.

all the more reason to value these beautiful little creatures in their habitat right?