---

Date: 2020.8.20
Style: TPO
Article: TPO18C2 TPO24L4

---
# TPO18 Conversation2
## Grade: 3/5

Well I am glad that you redid your outline.

I have made a few comments but nothing you have to act on.

it's in good enought shape for you to start writing a paper.

Thanks, at first I was afraid all that prep would be a waste of time.

well especially with the challenging topic like yours, factors leading to emergence of sociology as an academic decipline.

She needs people to watch various new TV programs that havent been broadcast yet.

Then indicate on a survey, whether they like, why, if they'd watch another episode.

plus participants get a 50 dollars gift certificate.

well I like the sound of that.

so they trying to predict if these shows are gonna succeed or fail right? based on students' opinions?

Why would they care what do we think?

Don't sell yourself short. people at your ages are very attractive market for advertisers who promote their product on television.

if enough students don't like the show, the network may actually reconsider putting on the air.

I happen to be friends with the women who is doing the TV study.

I work from five till nine that night.

maybe you could switch shifts with someone.

I am still in training, and the only night my trainer works is  Thursday

and the gift certificate wouldn't hurt either.
# TPO18 Lecture1
## Grade: 6/6

Now I am going to assume you know the sunspots in most basic terms are the dark spots on the sun's surface

That'll do for now.

When later European astronomers wrote about the sunspots, they didn't believe that spots are actually on the sun.

That is beacuse of their belief at that the time that heavenly bodies, the sun moon stars and planets were perfect without any flaws or blemishes.

and there was no predicting the changes at least, nothing Galieo could figure out.

over the next couple hundred years, alot of hypothesis were tossed around, the spots were mountains or hole in the solar atmosphere through which the dark surface of the sun could be seen.

and he start to keep tracking sunspots mapping them so he wouldn't confused them with any protential new planet.

anyway wolf went throught old records from various observatories in the Europe and put together a history of sunspot observations going back about one hundred years.

That is because magnatic field reduce the pressure exerted on the gases inside of them making the spots cooler than the rest of the sunsurfaces 